what key is alto sax in
what is the average number of days between a patient's last discharge time and their next expected admission time?
what is the maximum number of standing tackles made by the patients older than 45 and married?
which procedure has the shortest time between a patient's last hospital discharge and their next expected admission on average?
what is software?
what are the most common languages among patients who have been prescribed doses exceeding the recommended values?
what are the common allergies in patients admitted to micu?
which primary physician has the highest patient mortality rate?
what are the dates of leaving the university for the patients who went into the hospital more than once this year?
what is the maximum number of drugs and their drug manufacturers?
windows embedded standard e sku
dangling participle definition and examples
generate a pie chart depicting the distribution of the top 10 most common diagnoses.
what is a band saw used for
what are the names of the advisors of the patients admitted to the icu yesterday?
how many patients who were admitted to the hospital twice own trucks?
predict changes in the annual gender distribution of patients over the next five years.
turn the daily summary of surgery schedules into a note for hospital staff.
what does the efc number mean
list all the salaries of the patients who got admitted to the tsicu for their first care unit.
list the medications prescribed to patients with a male first child.
cluster drug prescriptions based on their frequency.
what are the operating systems of the patients who got admitted to the icu for the past 3 years?
list the reasons for transfer in which the number of cases is above the average.
what is the longest icu stay duration for a patient with an acuity score of 10?
what is the average blood glucose level in athlete patients?
what is the average number of patients assigned to each healthcare worker who administers input medication?
generate a pie chart illustrating the distribution of the top 10 most common procedures.
what are the majors of the patients who are not deceased?
list the passwords for the patients in the icu last month.
show the average age of patients with a female first child.
what is the relationship between temperature, pressure and volume of gas
what would be the symptoms to pancreas pain
what are the top 5 procedures with the longest average anesthesia duration?
play energetic music for a physical therapy session.
what did he ask michael to do?
how many different healthcare workers administered input medication to patient 10001?
which type of care unit has the patient with the highest page count?
when was the time that a patient with the highest cost billed this year?
what is the average billing amount for patients with heart disease this month?
what is the average number of standing tackles made by patients born after 2050?
what are the names of the advisors of the patients classified as emergency at admission this year?
do you love being a research coordinator nurse?
what is the average cost of procedures for patients whose place of birth is in boston?
find recent articles on patient privacy in hospitals.
what is capital amount compared to?
what is the average speed in knots for patients who were admitted to the icu for the past three months?
cluster patients based on the cost of their medical events.
list the most frequent diagnoses for elderly patients with a female next of kin.
what is the most common drug color prescribed to patients with diabetes?
apply a non-linear regression model to predict the progression of patient health status using 'chartevents'.
read out the short title of icd9 code 01166.
what were they riding on?
does it rain much in borneo?
how many transfers are due to reasons related to complications?
how many scientists were admitted through a referral from a physician?
what is the age of the patient who has succeeded in the most standing tackles?
what effects does tanning beds have on fetus
what is the latest news on pediatric care advancements?
what were the other styles?
what is the average salary of the patients who believe in christianity?
list all the advisors of the patients who were younger than 21.
what train goes to the ebt
what is the average value of minimum humidity among the patients who were admitted to the icu more than once?
where is the hospital located with admission id 145787?
what is the average age of the patients with minimum humidity over 30 percent?
which alternative route was most prescribed to patients under 30 years old?
identify the most common organism associated with poor specimen quality in microbiology tests.
which drug manufacturers produce drugs prescribed to patients with diabetes?
was minnie married?
when did michael laudrup start playing with fc barcelona?
list all the intimes of the icu with page counts lower than 20.
what are the drug distribution routes used in the hospital?
convert the microbiology report for subject 269 into hindi.
find recent articles on mental health care in hospitals.
call a research institute for information on a rare diagnosis.
what is the residency status of the patient with the longest hospital stay?
how many patients gave consent for procedures on holidays?
transcribe audio feedback from patients about their hospital stay and treatment.
what other polls has he been part of?
how many patients with single marital status arrived between 06:00:00 and 09:00:00?
what is the average age of patients admitted this year with non-resident status?
call the it department to report a system issue in patient records.
what is the average anesthesia duration for patients readmitted within 30 days?
develop an algorithm to detect and impute missing 'language' entries in 'admissions' based on patient demographics.
how long does it take to get a refund back on your debit card from express returns
retrieve the emergency contacts for patients diagnosed with pneumonia.
show the patient ids, arrival times, and insurance types of patients admitted for cancer this year.
what are the top 5 drugs most frequently prescribed at recommended dose values?
what are the total costs incurred on a specific billing date?
convert the diagnosis description for icd9_code 01170 to french.
what are the invoice numbers of the female patients who are not deceased?
list the medication administrations by hwid1020 to patients.
who else shoukld have the seat next to the pharaoh
what are the top three most common procedures performed on patients with an address in san francisco?
suggest the best post-operative care for patients who had a packed cell transfusion.
call a rehabilitation center to arrange post-discharge care.
what are the latest advancements in lab test technologies?
retrieve the latest news on hospital-acquired infections.
what are the most common procedure outcomes for patients based on their admission locations?
segment hospital admissions by ethnicity, language, and marital status.
in what type of bond are valence electrons shared between two atoms
what is the average distance between the care units?
what is the length of stay in the icu for the patient having the most standing tackles?
which ethnicity has the highest average page count?
what is the average distance of the patients who were born between 2070 and after 2100?
how do care unit choices in icus affect patient outcomes?
list the passwords for the patients admitted to the icu whose first wardid and last wardid is 7.
why weren't they happy with it?
list all icu stays during which input medication was administered by hwid1007 at least once.
when is the issue coming out?
calculate the total hospital cost this year for patients with an address in san diego.
what are the languages spoken by patients who married before age 30?
what is the average distance for the married patients?
what is the marital status that has the most patients over 30 years of age affiliated with warner brothers records?
do patients with alcohol use have longer hospital stays compared to those without?
list all drug manufacturers in the database.
what is the average pet age of patients who were in icu for more than 5 days?
which religion has the patient who graduated from college most recently?
what is the average area size of the patients who can speak english?
what is the age of the oldest patient's first child?
what are the new drug distribution routes for this year?
what is the average cost for patients with 'medicare' insurance and a 'pending' payment status?
which drug manufacturer is most frequently prescribed for patients under 18?
call a medical supply company to order more icu equipment.
what is the most common year among patients who are not dead and are affiliated with def jam records?
what is the average latitude among male patients?
count the number of primary physicians who have admitted their patients to the hospital more than three times in the past year.
what are the majors of the patients admitted to the icu whose first care unit is micu in the previous month?
transcribe a doctor's verbal notes about patient 1242's condition and treatment plan.
what is the most common insurance type among patients with an address in dallas?
what is the average difference in admission duration between patients whose procedure outcomes were all 'successful' and those whose outcomes were not?
what is the percentage of 'engineer' patients who suffered from hypertension?
do we have some singer names of the patients who died 3 days ago?
what is the average salary for the patients who were admitted to the micu as their last care unit?
which patient and procedure had the longest duration of anesthesia last month?
how many male patients have a female next of kin?
implement a text analysis on 'org_name' in 'microbiologyevents' to categorize organism types and their frequencies.
what currencies are used by the patients older than 40 this year?
when was back to godhead written?
what are the names of the male singers?
show me the total cost of the most recent hospital admissions for patients expected to be admitted next month.
when was alcohol anonymous written
what are the most common distribution routes for drugs prescribed to patients aged 65 or older?
call a medical laboratory to expedite test results.
who are the top five requesters of lab tests?
what is the gender of the first child of subject 3097?
where was pfc deglopper born
count the number of procedures that used any type of anesthesia last month.
average insurance cost
what is the procedure with the earliest consent date?
cluster lab items based on the frequency of tests.
what is celestone
what is the least common airport among married hispanic or latino patients who can speak english?
what did they say to him
what is the average pet age for patients with hypertension?
what boats need to have a throw safety ring
which physician performed the most number of procedures this year.
what is the average age of the first child for patients with hypertension?
what is the median age of the first child among patients who were admitted last month?
perform a factor analysis on 'chartevents' to identify underlying relationships between various 'itemid'.
find the number of patients with a male next of kin who were treated in micu.
what are the singer names of the patients with medicaid?
how many patients who suffer from hypertension have a place of birth in la?
what is the religion that has the most patients whose airport name is jfk?
what does apolipoprotein b value of 63.5 indicate?
translate the prescription instructions for the drug 'atenolol' to german.
what religion has the highest number of standing tackles made by its believers?
find the emergency contacts for patients transferred to the micu care unit more than once.
what is the average age at the time of death for temporary resident patients?
what is the recommended dose of the drug prescribed to patient 10128 at 2104-1106 00:00:00?
define non-technical insurance account
which performing physicians were involved in procedures for patients admitted via emergency room admission?
how many admissions had a last contact time on a weekend and were discharged to home?
find the shortest path to the pharmacy from the surgery wing.
usps rates for shipping packages
give me a list of microbiology events where the specimen quality was poor.
what is the difference in the lengths of icu stays between patients with 'completed' and 'delayed' payment statuses?
what was his first attempt?
what is the most common type of currency used by male patients?
which type of care unit is the furthest from sicu?
give me all the distances of the patients who went into the ccu.
what are the currencies the patients born before 2070 use?
find the youngest female patient whose place of birth is in seattle.
navigate to the pediatric wing from the main parking area.
what is the percentage of procedures that involved any type of anesthesia?
what is the most common currency used among the patients who got admitted to the hospital more than twice this year?
how many patients who have the place of birth in france were admitted this year?
what are the majors of the male patients?
what is the difference in the average number of hospital visits per year for patients based on whether their first child is male or female?
what is the average speed in knots of the patients whose last care unit was csru?
list all the invoice numbers of the patients deceased last month.
what is the location of the hospital that admitted the most patients with diabetes?
which of these types of painting was more likely to have been produced by a northern renaissance
where is the most water found?
retrieve images of different care units.
did he find a person?
what is primary and non-contributory under the liability
look up the latest technology used in curing atrial fibrillation.
what is the most common marital status among patients who graduated from their universities before 2100?
what is the average age of temporary residents admitted for emergencies last month?
what is the most common reason for transfer for patients under 18?
how many primary physicians have been at the hospital since this year?
how many microbiology events with excellent specimen quality have occurred since last month?
who are the patients that most recently received input medication from hwid1010?
determine the most influential features for discharge location.
cluster patient admissions based on insurance types and the total hospital cost spent.
translate the patient's insurance for subject 370 into greek.
play background music in the dental clinic to ease patient nerves.
count the number of procedures that resulted in a 'successful' outcome this year.
list the requesters who have ordered more than 100 hemoglobin tests.
what was the latest arrival time for patients yesterday?
how many patients above age 60 speak russian as their alternative language?
organize a schedule for routine health check-ups of hospital staff.
where could the video be found?
what are the top five most expensive procedures for anthem-insured patients this year?
what are the average growth rates of organisms for patients admitted to different care units?
what are the record companies that muslim patients are affiliated with?
how many patients speak english as their alternative language?
which icu had the highest average acuity score last month?
identify 10 crucial factors influencing lab tests.
what is the average number of standing tackles made by the patients whose last care unit was sicu?
how to make bake potato in oven
what are the record companies with patients older than 45?
what are the top five requesters of hematology tests this year?
what is the place of birth of the patient who had the longest hospital admission?
what is the longest duration of procedures performed on patients with cancer?
what is the distribution of procedure outcomes by patient ethnicity?
what does the average mcdonald's worker make per hour
what are the record companies of the male patients?
did they go anywhere else?
did the squirrel have a name?
why did nicholas sparks divorce his wife
what is the average minimum humidity of the patients admitted to the icu yesterday?
when did the idea of an international organization for food emerge?
list all requesters who have ordered more than 1000 lab tests this year.
what are the most frequently prescribed drug colors for patients over 60?
how many patients with permanent residency status were admitted today?
find the shortest procedure duration and the procedure name performed on patients.
percent of population considered pre diabetes
which operating system was most common for the patients who got admitted to the micu as their first care unit?
develop a meal planning system for patients with dietary restrictions.
what is the specimen quality of the most recent microbiology test done for patient 1272?
convert the most recent recorded meeting of physicians discussing a complex case into text.
show the average number of procedures performed per physician.
at what age did patient 8245 get married?
what is the average distance of the patients who got admitted to the icu more than once this month?
find any images used for educating patients about their condition or treatment.
what is the ielts
what hotel did he purchase?
what is the most common operating system among asian patients?
what area of town denver is the pepsi center at?
what is the most common location among hospitals?
which drug manufacturer is most frequently prescribed for patients this year?
which label was that?
what is hardware registration
skullcandy bluetooth headphones
and the elder?
what alternative route is commonly used in prescriptions for pediatric patients?
who made the first playstation
how are certain word phrased?
count the number of procedures with anesthesia durations over 2 hours that were performed on patients aged above 65.
create a report that includes patient demographics and the top five most common procedures.
what is vertical profile
translate icu equipment usage data into a maintenance report.
what are the invoice numbers for patients with no religion?
play nature sounds in the maternity ward to promote relaxation.
what relationship are jessie and janet?
are there identical passwords for more than two distinct patients who are older than 60? if so, list them.
recommend the most effective medication for patients with hypertension.
what is the predominant insurance type among patients who married after age 40?
what was the average difference between charge time and billing time this year?
which prescription shows the greatest difference in average organism growth rates before and after?
what types of anesthesia are most common in the fusion or refusion of 2-3 vertebrae procedure?
what are the top five common drugs prescribed for patients over 80 years and their recommended dose values?
create a budget plan for the upcoming fiscal year.
where is hamburg de located
how did engineers try to solve the problem?
what are the record companies of the deceased patients?
count how many patients are expected to be admitted next month.
how many patients admitted this year reported no allergies?
what is the average date of death among patients who were deceased and were affiliated with sony records?
what was los angeles about?
what are the operating systems that are used by more than 10 white patients?
list all the types of care units in the icu having an area size larger than 1000 square feet.
what is the sum of the standing tackles made by the patients in the icu for the past year?
what is the average area size of the care units in the icu?
what were some notable times of their early years?
what are the top five drug manufacturers based on the total number of prescriptions this year?
cluster patients based on drug prescriptions and ages.
what are the distances of patients with medicaid?
list all the names of the airports of the patients over 50 years of age.
what is the average number of standing tackles made by patients younger than 40?
translate patient admission records into a visitor management report.
what is the most popular record company among married patients?
what are the dates of graduating from college among the widowed patients who got admitted to the hospital last month?
what is team bella all about ?
how many patients admitted to the icu this year have passwords longer than 8 characters?
draw a pie chart showing the distribution of marital statuses among the patients.
what are the latest guidelines for managing icu patients with sepsis?
what are the dates of birth of the patients who majored in computer science?
what is the most common type of currency among white patients?
which primary physician has the patient with the highest hospital admission cost?
what is the average anesthesia duration for patients who have been diagnosed with more than 10 conditions during their hospital admission?
what is the average age of patients with alcohol use?
did he ever go on tv and state why he took drugs?
how many patients from the icu in 2100 have page counts higher than 10?
what is the reason for the transfer to micu for the patient in icustay id 239118?
what is the difference in anesthesia duration between patients admitted via the emergency room and those who were not?
what is the most common reason for admission to micu?
where did she never go?
